>> Kyle Simpson: Here's another
example of function expressions.
We call these IIFEs.
I-I-F-E, which stands for
Immediately Invoked Function Expression.
You undoubtedly will have seen at least
some of these in some code at some
point because it's
an extremely common pattern.
What we see here is a function
called anotherTeacher.
You'll notice that on line three to line
six there's a wrapping set of parenthesis
around that function.
That's what makes it a function expression
instead of the other form of function
which we call a declaration.
Here, it's a value.
And then specifically, on line six
is where it's getting executed.
That's the immediately invoked part,
it's being executed immediately.
After we describe that function expression
as a value, it immediately invokes it.
That's what makes it an IIFE.
And the main end result of an IIFE,
the main end result of running a function
is that we get a new block of scope there.
There's a block of scope inside
of that function anotherTeacher.
So when I say var teacher
equals Suzy on line four,
I'm making a teacher variable
inside of that function.
I'm not overriding the one from line one.
That allows us to encapsulate
some of our behaviors and
things so that they don't pollute
other parts of the program.
We wouldn't want for
line eight to print Suzy.
We want for line eight to print Kyle.
And the way that we protect that
assignment on line four from changing it
is that we wrap a function around it.
That's at least one ways to do so.
So IIFEs are a very common pattern,
they've been sort of idiomatically
around for more than a decade.
You see linked here in the slides a blog
post back to 2010 from where this idea of
IIFEs, immediately invoked function
expressions, was kind of described.
And they are typically used in places
in our code where we need to collect
a set of variables and protect them
from encroaching upon an outer scope.